feat(components): new component avatar (#594)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/avatar/README.md

# Avatar

Represents a avatar custom element.

```js
<script type="module">
    import '@vonage/vivid/avatar';
</script>
```

```html preview
<vwc-avatar></vwc-avatar>
```

## Members

> ### Icon

Reviewer: what about?
```js
- Type: `string`
- Default: `''`
```

Reviewer: maybe something like
https://github.com/Vonage/vivid-3/blob/a8a8db32b29ae377e8b34188e06ef0265266ffb4/libs/components/src/lib/nav-item/README.md#L27-L35

Reviewer: must it always be a human name?

Author: Don't know... 
The thing is - if we have an image or an icon - it will be nice of us to help the user add the title. 
The only problem that I'm thinking of is with acronym.
Maybe we should leave this for now and decide about it after acronym in added.
WDYT?

Reviewer: This can fire back. Imagine we add our opinionated representation and automatic checks doesn't throw any violations due to it. Authors wouldn't be aware of the problem and that they need to add their context. We had that same issue with icon button. I think the best alternative is us handling docs with that in mind and provide snippets with aria context

Author: OK then. we will stay with our text about it in the docs :)

Use the `icon` to set any icon for the avatar.  
Default: 'user-line'
```html preview
<vwc-avatar icon="user-solid"></vwc-avatar>
```

> ### Acronym
> still in progress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- 
### Acronym
still in progress
-->
```

### Appearance
Set the `appearance` attribute to change the avatar's appearance.

- Type: `'filled'` | `'outlined'`
- Default: `'filled'`

```html preview
<vwc-avatar appearance="filled"></vwc-avatar>
<vwc-avatar appearance="outlined"></vwc-avatar>
```

### Connotation

> The `connotation` attribute sets the colors according to the wanted connotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use the `connotation` attribute to set the avatar's color.
```

Type: `'accent'` | `'cta'`
- Default: `'accent'`

```html preview
<vwc-avatar connotation="accent"></vwc-avatar>
<vwc-avatar connotation="cta"></vwc-avatar>
<vwc-avatar connotation="accent" appearance="outlined"></vwc-avatar>
<vwc-avatar connotation="cta" appearance="outlined"></vwc-avatar>
```

### Shape

Use the `shape` attribute to change the avatar's edges.

- Type: `'rounded'` | `'pill'`
- Default: `'rounded'`

```html preview
<vwc-avatar shape="rounded"></vwc-avatar>
<vwc-avatar shape="pill"></vwc-avatar>
```

### Density

Use the `density` attribute/property to set the avatar's to one of the predefined block size extent.

- Type: `'condensed'` | `'normal'` | `'extended'`
- Default: `'normal'`

```html preview
<vwc-avatar density='condensed' shape="pill"></vwc-avatar>
<vwc-avatar density='normal' shape="pill"></vwc-avatar>
<vwc-avatar density='extended' shape="pill"></vwc-avatar>
```

## Slots
### Default

> Use the `default` slot to have an image avatar.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `default` slot to set a graphic media of any kind (e.g. image, illustration etc'.)
```

> When using an image make sure `appearance` is not `outlined`

Reviewer 2: I think it looks ok,
in case that it's outline appearance is consistent with the other avatar types

```html preview
<vwc-avatar shape="pill" density="3">

> <img src="https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1567532939604-b6b5b0db2604?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=687&q=80" alt="woman"/>

Reviewer: maybe something not as bloated?

# Avatar

Represents an avatar custom element.

```js
<script type="module">
    import '@vonage/vivid/avatar';
</script>
```

```html preview
<vwc-avatar></vwc-avatar>
```

## Members

### Icon
Use `icon` to set an icon to the avatar.
View list of available icon at the [vivid icons gallery](https://icons.vivid.vonage.com).

Note: Icon, by its own, doesn't make a discernible text. An `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby` or `title` must be provided to ensure that the user can understand the avatar.

- Type: `string`
- Default: `user-line`

```html preview
<vwc-avatar icon="user-admin-solid"></vwc-avatar>
```

<!-- 
### Acronym
still in progress
-->

### Appearance
Set the `appearance` attribute to change the avatar's appearance.

- Type: `'filled'` | `'outlined'`

> - Default: `'filled'`

Reviewer: Shouldn't ghost be default?

Author: whats the meaning of ghost avatar? it looks strange just an icon or letters without bg or outline....
